NMS-13802: Add docs for Device Config (#4517)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/device-config-backup/configuration.adoc

== Poller configuration

Device Config Backup is performed through DeviceConfig Monitor,
see xref:reference:service-assurance/monitors/DeviceConfiMonitor.adoc[Device Config Monitor].

== Configure TFTP Port

By default, tftp server will use non-privileged port 6969 both on Minion and OpenNMS.

.Configure tftp port via Karaf shell on {page-component-title}
[source, console]
----
ssh -p 8101 admin@localhost
----

.Configure tftp port via Karaf shell on Minion
[source, console]
----
ssh -p 8201 admin@localhost
----

.Configure tftp port
[source, karaf]
----
config:edit org.opennms.features.deviceconfig.tftp
config:property-set port 69
config:update
----

== Enable Device Config Backup for Push-based config upload

Devices may also push config through tftp manually whenever config changes. This is  not enabled by default but this can be achieved by enabling Sink for Device Config.

.Configure Device Config Sink feature via Karaf shell on {page-component-title}
[source, console]
----
ssh -p 8101 admin@localhost
----

.Configure Device Config Sink feature via Karaf shell on Minion
[source, console]
----
ssh -p 8201 admin@localhost
----

> .Configure opennms-deviceconfig-sink feature

Author: It's applicable for both. Added `({page-component-title}/Minion)`

[source, karaf]
----
feature:install opennms-deviceconfig-sink
----

NOTE: To survive reboots, `opennms-deviceconfig-sink` feature can be added to etc/featuresBoot.d/device-config.boot file.

== Events associated with Device Config Backup

Pollerd can generate the following Events in {page-component-title} for Device Config Backup.

[options="header, autowidth"]
[cols="1,2"]
|===
| Event name
| Description

| uei.opennms.org/deviceconfig/configRetrievalFailed
| Failed to retrieve config associated with a given service
during the last poll on a given interface

| uei.opennms.org/deviceconfig/configRetrievalSucceeded
| Config retrieval succeeded on a given service during the last poll on a given interface.

|===

== Retrieve Device Config without Monitor

Retrieving Device Config can also be triggered outside Monitor schedule with Rest API.

> see xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Monitor].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Monitor].)
```

> == Retrieve/Trigger Device Config Backup from Karaf shell

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Retrieve/trigger device configuration backup from Karaf shell
```

> (See xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Rest API].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(See xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Rest API].)
```

> Device Config can also be triggered/retrieved from karaf shell.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also trigger/retrieve a device configuration from the Karaf shell.
```

> == Poller configuration

Reviewer: = Poller configuration

Title level needs to be updated, as the table of contents did not build properly.

|===

== Retrieve device configuration without monitor

You can use the Rest API to trigger device configuration retrieval outside of a monitor schedule.

> (See xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Monitor].)

Reviewer: (See xref:development:rest/device_config.adoc[Device Config Rest API].
